m
to
good morning friends close and it's telling you
and they bring a new block in which
well here with the car and we're leaving now
on the way to the fifa according to the event
vg com and who plays here from
Alicante so we're going there
it's very fast now it's 8 o'clock
the morning more or less so good nothing
Now, no, but over there, I'm going to see what
such is the event because it is the first
Once it's done we've never been so
well, now
there all that will go now see you
good good, we have come here to a
farm where youtubers are going to
meet with them with status missing
blaster and nothing now we will go to
the event and that's it and now we're going to
enter the premises to see that everything was
I asked for all that and he showed it to us
The nail
d
come
why
but not
but it's okay
Well, you can not
there's also
but around here too
no but I also sweet is possible
dolls is already
there are many shops stands
looking for an object a year ago
against these people so good now
let's go to the Lord
Well nothing that is with him and good
true that we have not seen much has been
it's not a general spin but we've
been all the time in the gamer zone
all the small group of ours like this
that what is beautiful and we have not
seen a lot although a little has a lot
to see
basically stores and food stalls
and good until then
the goal of many
why
but good
there will be wait
it's ending
alomar and with handles stratus callejos
well since Sunday and the second day
of event we are going there because
we came here again to pick up all
this rabble who is out there
and well let's go for the sale to see what
such is today the time that yesterday
at night we quite
well we were happy then so
between what fits between us those who
they know the event really neither for
me because it is also a fair of
samples so to speak in agreement and of
things like that
and well really good, that's it
that we can all be groups of
friends and then we were in the house this
late
very well for hours
and some
and water after eating and all that stuff
that stops after eating more good
Well, they'll probably leave them
because it is not the fair and much more
so well then let's go to the fair
and now we look good because we have already
finished the event we have already left
there so nothing this day pretty
little like nothing more than in the morning
a couple of visits basically and we're going
to eat for the key I follow a McDonald
or whatever
and nothing then everyone for the classes
has already left faster has already gone
also that I'm not saying the ones
we are staying here you can flow and
works is the nexus you have to do
and nothing for that we will eat and longer
finished the event so well imagine
that this is the last one that does not go like this
I'm going to fire here and you know that
if you liked this blog that although not
it's very crazy there were not many
elements that always helps and let
your comment